# Fair Work Act 2009
Act No. 28 of 2009 as amended

CollapseChapter 1—Introduction

CollapsePart 1-1—Introduction

CollapseDivision 1—Preliminary

1  Short title
This Act may be cited as the Fair Work Act 2009.

2  Commencement
(1)  Each provision of this Act specified in column 1 of the table commences, or is taken to have commenced, in accordance with column 2 of the table. Any other statement in column 2 has effect according to its terms.
(2)  Any information in column 3 of the table is not part of this Act. Information may be inserted in this column, or information in it may be edited, in any published version of this Act.

3  Definitions
(1)  In this Act:
award means:
(a)  a modern award; or
(b)  an enterprise award; or
(c)  a State reference transitional award or Division 2B State reference transitional award.
casual employee means an employee who is employed as a casual employee within the ordinary meaning of that expression.
(2)  A reference in this Act to a person being employed or to employment is a reference to the person being employed, or to employment, under a contract of service.

CollapseDivision 2—Objects of this Act

5  Objects of this Act
The objects of this Act are:
(a)  to provide a balanced framework for cooperative and productive workplace relations that promotes national economic prosperity and social inclusion for all Australians; and
(b)  to achieve productivity and fairness through an emphasis on enterprise-level collective bargaining.

CollapsePart 3-2—Unfair dismissal

CollapseDivision 1—Introduction

382  Meaning of unfair dismissal
A person has been unfairly dismissed if:
(a)  the person has been dismissed; and
(b)  the dismissal was harsh, unjust or unreasonable; and
(c)  the dismissal was not consistent with the Small Business Fair Dismissal Code.

CollapseDivision 3—Remedies

394  Criteria for considering harshness etc.
(1)  The FWC must take into account all the circumstances of the case when deciding whether a dismissal was harsh, unjust or unreasonable.
(2)  This includes the following matters:
(a)  whether there was a valid reason for the dismissal related to the person's capacity or conduct (including its effect on the safety and welfare of other employees); and
(b)  whether the person was notified of that reason; and
(c)  whether the person was given an opportunity to respond to any reason related to the capacity or conduct of the person.
(3)  The FWC must also consider whether:
(a)  the employee had a reasonable expectation of continued employment; and
(b)  the dismissal related to the person's temporary absence from work because of illness or injury.

15AA  Determining the base rate of pay
(1)  For the purposes of this Act, the base rate of pay of a national system employee is the rate of pay payable to the employee for his or her ordinary hours of work.
(2)  The base rate of pay does not include any of the following:
(a)  incentive-based payments and bonuses;
(b)  loadings;
(c)  monetary allowances;
(d)  overtime or penalty rates.
